[17.0][ADD] account_invoice_subscription_per_contact: New module (#1908)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_subscription_per_contact/readme/CONFIGURE.md

Reviewer: I think this is more usage than configuration.

> #. Go to a partner and subscribe a user (Marc Demo for example) to the subtype 'Invoice Created'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to any contact and subscribe a user (Marc Demo for example) to the subtype 'Invoice Created'.
```

> #. Go to Invoicing > Customers > Invoices and creates an invoice to the previous contact (or a child contact).

Reviewer: Explain here about both possibilities to subscribe the children or the parent one.

> #. The user Marc Demo will have been added as a follower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The user is added as follower and receive the creation notification if applicable.
```
